docs: move database model to mermaid (#3839)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/adapters/neo4j.md

### Properties

> This schema is adapter for use in Neo4J and is based upon our master [models](/adapters/models). Please check there for the node properties. Relationships have no properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This schema is adapted for use in Neo4J and is based upon our main [models](/adapters/models). Please check there for the node properties. Relationships have no properties.
```
